ds1576
ml1417
----------------------------------------------------------
Test Plan:

Here we will detail what the testcases are meant to test, and why we chose them
Please keep in mind that the client and server will print to STDOUT after every operation as per instruction.

1) Because the WTFserver is only supposed to run given a port number, you naturally
need 2 arguments. We tested this because without the port number, the server will not run

2) A valid port number is almost as important as having a port. Typically, ports between 0
1024 inclusive are reserved and are thus very bad for running user servers on. Thus, the
only valid port numbers will be from 1024 to 65535, which is the maximum port number.

3) This testcase is meant to show that the server runs properly given a port number that is valid
and to show that the configure command runs properly. After running, there should be a .configure file
in the client folder, which will hold the two arguments passed into the command. At this point it would
be possible to test client to server commands, and thus we started with create because none of the other
methods work without create.

4) This testcase was meant to show that if the configure file is given a different port number from the one
the server is running on, then the client will be unable to connect to the server.

5) This testcase is meant to show that the add method does not contact the server, as it is only a client side
operation. What should be the result of this test case is that the client manifest for testProject should have
file.txt in it. This was meant to show that add works

6) This testcase is meant to show that remove, as per instructions, only removes the manifest entry for the client
manifest. Thus, the actual file is not removed, only the manifest entry for said file.

7) This testcase is meant to show that destroy completely recursively wipes the designated testProject from the 
server. This too has no effect on the client side as per instructions.

